When I started learning sign language,
it just seemed to come natural for me.
After I transferred to the congregation,
I remember feeling so happy.
I was pioneering and really enjoying
this new way of communicating.
It’s funny how
the thing you love can also be
the thing that tests you.
Soon, I took the test
for a sign-language interpreter.
I couldn’t believe I passed!
I loved my new job.
My hope was
that it would support my pioneering
and maybe
allow me to travel one day to a country
and preach where there was
a need for sign language.
My boss was very happy with my work,
so much so that he began to give me more.
Everyone seemed appreciative,
and the extra money didn’t hurt.
I was handling it all fine.
Ahh, OK, for a while.
My boss asked me to work full-time
for a few months
to get some extra training.
The raise could help me
with planning my trip abroad.
I knew my parents would be concerned.
I knew because I felt it too.
I was already dragging physically.
But then again,
it would only be for a few months.
I was really torn.
Dad kindly commended me
for having good goals
and trying my best to work toward them.
Then he showed me
a scripture that really helped me,
1 Timothy 4:16:
“Pay constant attention
to yourself and to your teaching.
“Persevere in these things,
“for by doing this
you will save both yourself
and those who listen to you.”
He helped me
to see that Timothy set spiritual goals
for himself while growing up.
But Paul was now telling him,
“Don’t stop!”
Even though Timothy
was a grown spiritual man,
Paul encouraged him
to continue setting new spiritual goals,
in fact, to ‘persevere in them.’
What was I persevering in?
I kindly turned down the offer
and explained to my boss
that I’d like to keep my hours
to a minimum
so I could support
my number one job.
It might take me longer to save my money,
but I’ll make that trip one day
with Jehovah’s help
and a little perseverance.